I might as well tell you
Why did I keep you two sisters?
And there is no room for Chen Huacan
It's because you sisters are girls.
It will definitely be useful in the future
And Chen Huachan, she is a man
Keeping him will only compete with my son for family property in the future
Mom, don't tell him so much
It is estimated that the captain is almost there
Let's just go!
Yes oh yes
Anyway, the Jiang family offended Chen Huacan
Is doomed to bankruptcy
Instead of going bankrupt, we don't have a penny.
It's better for you to sacrifice
Unfreeze the family's funds
Transfer to our mother and son name
Although there are only tens of millions on the books
But it's enough for us both
The rest of my life
You want to run away
What about my husband and us?
Do what you like
As long as we mother and son are happy and happy
Hey president
Are you coming to Jiang's house soon?
We have a big gift for you
You will be satisfied, hahaha.